New Broken Links (#2397)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/microsoft-store.md

| Advantage | Description |
|---|---|

> | **Discoverability** | Users naturally look for apps in the app store.  When you publish to the Microsoft Store, millions of Windows users can discover your PWA alongside other Windows apps.  The Store showcases apps through categories, curated collections, and more.  App discovery portals provide an easy browsing and shopping experience for potential users of your app.  You can even [enhance your Store listing](/windows/apps/publish/publish-your-app/screenshots-and-images?pivots=store-installer-msix) with screenshots, a hero image, and video trailers. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Discoverability** | Users naturally look for apps in the app store.  When you publish to the Microsoft Store, millions of Windows users can discover your PWA alongside other Windows apps.  The Store showcases apps through categories, curated collections, and more.  App discovery portals provide an easy browsing and shopping experience for potential users of your app.  You can even enhance your Store listing with screenshots, a hero image, and video trailers - see [App screenshots, images, and trailers](/windows/apps/publish/publish-your-app/screenshots-and-images). |
```
